hi everyone I have something for you I
have overview in my review is on cancer
magnesium I got this today we went on a
field trip to see romeo and juliet with
her English class and we decided to go
to the mall and I went to what's going
on and I've got this I had money my
pocket so I got this done todo todo it's
a load trucks that's my first time ever
having low trucks because I another one
has his high and this one has its pretty
cool sliders that's that I think is
pretty awesome about it the guy i
watched 49 told me about it and just
said like it really helps you when
you're riding grinding stuff and so I'm
going to use that this saturday should
be pretty awesome I don't really have
any dislikes about this because I
haven't really tried it yet but I bet
it'd still be awesome I wonder how it
works let's get to work I was gonna be
awesome
and anyways this is my new truck I get
and it has all the other thing else this
is pretty cool mullen McMullen and I
feel sorry from the what happened and
the thing this cost me $79 but that was
plus tax it was actually $69 but now
it's 79 that's the thing when I saw this
I sounds like pretty awesome so yeah
it's my tensor